in short, we wish him to do as he did
other traitors ronaldo ibra that maybe
score a goal in the derby
then after the final result is for i
nerazzurri 1 over cavour and this holds
always from the office of the inter however
wanting alive and less for action not
her faith too hypocritical
unwavering for those millions I am
Inter as ever because he likes me
like it still will need in white is
one thing you do jig about for one thing were
six years that a theater step if in the
yours in your scan of years
of time now what will come the cinema
after he returns to the cinema after he returns to the
center and therefore how it works like if
you have finished more what you do write
to start throwing ideas
in my opinion the scheme begins the cinema
in writing because then say that there
he is saying that he is already afraid of coffee
pedrocchi has ideas if a real one
from the cheerfulness of guard did not depart
even before in Florence from a restaurant
a little bit of himself because he is ugly
but the city was in this restaurant
great restaurant and we found ourselves
with the film team being
trembling at the idea found I find the idea
the voice of the truth of this
last week your asked
you have already thought little tenth version
after summer
no but it is true that he then found us at
florence we have formed the team we are
the three of us
valerio bariletti pasquale plastino ee
walter fountain and they will work with us
and we said then let's start
in May yes yes yes
and from there we have ordered
ate drunk the suggestion trade
of one but let it grow
no but if we could talk about mass
who cares committee thrown look at them
Christmas 2014 Christmas 2014 both for which the
first century antonio for which we say that
the Mayans came in 2013 at the end of
interpretation and but theater does not
you would do theater again in 2018
so sure with the 2020 television in
which of you three who will vote the most likes
do theater that keeps us all three
like doing this in this theater
this shift was mine hosting a
little bit for the theater though
basically it did n't take that long for
which why pushed for the theater
but because I think you always need to
going in alternate phases also because what
we could have made yet another movie
after Christmas no, according to me there
take a break from that free sector
to make theater also because the theater
somehow it gives us the chance to
strengthen the alchemy which it does not give
cinema because cinema is the spot
written and after that the fi in the five
minutes you can do it again ten times
etc. however, that alchemy is missing
daily in which to do does the same thing
and produces cinema is a little different for
many verses the most beautiful thing of the
tour what it is if there is one to visit
the cities that is we say we have already done
many years ago, however, with another spirit
so now review in the cities below
another on another mentality is a lot
Interesting
There is only for the past 40 series that you are
around if we can more bank at home
yes every so often I ask sorry guys
reported in the theater
I feel a little guilty because I pushed
because I actually starts now
to be a little harder after he had
made fifty networks which is not here but
because beryllium is the southern e
comfortable there is he does the tour yields for
he brings his wife his mouth
show brings the next dog
Do you understand
there is the desire that uses his wife
great beautiful wife the wife at the scene
wife in sheva silvana fallisi
a good actress and so on and so on though
lack and choose and change course
also yesterday for the truth that a
torino there is the dog you could see the
dog in milan that not the sky however i
cats are more difficult to bear
the airports behind him and behind the scenes
he hears the actor's voice and we have it
left on stage twice a
blunder
yes, not yet, yet
is a clear path room actor
if you ever think about doing those things there
people always make rankings of all
best places where soldiers on vacation
the admonished I like best
read girlfriends and boyfriends of
your sketches and your lines
I believe your ranking has rite
drafted as a personal hero but then it is
so that in incorporating all the great
writer nick horby has been changing for half an hour
in half an hour then our top five of
these strange this moment if I had to
say the three best sketches that years
5 in the work, however, is for brevity we do
three would say first the car then the
according to I would say
the three twins and the third I would say the
art gallery which twins retro in the
heart of the courts where he will be remembered
we are 3 cabbage three days the first
show we have
if the concierge there is the concierge then
precisely we are attached to this
agreement does not let me down but not there
let's remember to create the car machines
but classic key to make Swiss yes
call b lux and the movie you have yours
favorite movie
now touch the ranking every sketch
what I am and however conditioned by
from the public because maybe when you
turn for example the second one
what i liked most is what it is
the life
think however from the point of the public it is not
the brace of a lifetime has done well
but what he did best in
absolute was ask me if I'm happy
from the point of view of the receipts of the
visibility then between a leg that is
started with 40 copies and then I discovered
today I wondered if washed turned in
Puglia of shot in Rome
everything was born around Rome
two films all in Rome in the Palermo area
ask me if I'm happy but to terracina
at dinner this is maybe the jacket
there remains bad says cynthia we remember
already in the crust of Sicily it is instead ad
be nesting land which is also then
to look for all those scenes of
film the legend of al john and jack where
aldo hangs on this New York bill
we are in a "bruzzano" winning a wall
rebuilt completely rebuilt
we were a month in there on your
warm and aldo erap imbragato mica
harness goes well the berio thank you
so much aldo giovanni and giacomo that
I'm on tour in Italy with a wetsuit
music thanks served to visit us
rationing